                              AQ: Espionage

    AQ: Espionage is a flexible teamplay-objective system for Action
Quake. Objectives are defined by assembling primitive goals into a
coherent scenario. Currently supported primitives include the following:

 RETRIEVE    - Pick up an object and take it somewhere
 ASSASSINATE - Take out a designated enemy player
 ESCORT      - Help a designated teammate reach a location alive
 ELIMINATE   - Standard kill-everything-that-doesn't-look-like-me teamplay

    The AQ: Espionage release includes several sample scenarios that operate
on a range of maps. Some scenarios (in particular those that don't require
map coordinates) may be used with any map. The scenarios are loosely
classified into the following styles of gameplay:

    CTB - [Capture The Briefcase] two briefcases and two bases. One BC spawns 
          at one base, and the other spawns at the other.
    
    ATL - [Assassinate The Leader] two randomly selected players become the 
          leader of each team.  The first team to assassinate the enemy
          leader wins.
    
    FRD - [Find, Retrieve/Defend] a randomly selected player on one team is 
          chosen to pickup a package from a fixed location, and deposit it at 
          another fixed location.  The enemy team's objective is to 
          assassinate the randomly selected player.

    ETV - [Escort the VIP] a randomly selected player on one team is chosen 
          to be escorted to a fixed location to win. The enemy team must 
          assassinate that randomly selected player.
    
    OFC - [One Flag Capture] two teams battle it out for a single package to 
          bring to their base.  The package is spawned in a neutral location.
    

    Other features:

    Custom briefcase model with VWep 
    New radio sounds for both female and male are implemented
    Automatic sounds for when you capture/return/assassinate
    Bonus points for capturing, assassinating, defending, harrasing 
      bodyguards, or invading
    Teammates get small bonuses if someone on their team captures
    HUD indicator for 'special' players (ie: leader, package carrier)
    Door kicking enabled, if some chump is blocking a door with their 
      body, just jump kick the door!
    You can ignore and unignore players 
    HUD display to tell you when you might respawn. This display is located 
      under frag count 
    There are three respawn functions and can be set up differently per team:
      - instant respawn makes you respawn instantly
      - timed respawn (the HUD indicator shows how many seconds left till 
          respawn)
      - percentage respawn (the HUD indicator shows the percentage of your 
          team in DEAD mode)
    Dead people can talk to the living if respawning is enabled, but dead 
      people can only chasecam their teammates (no free flight)
    Stealth Slippers are beefed up.  User doesn't receive the 'limp mode' 
      walk when they get shot in leg.  User also gets less falling damage and 
      can fall down farther.  
    
