-----------------------------------------------------------------------
             _________                          ____________
            /         \                        |            |
           /           \                       |   _________|
          |     ___     | ___      __      ___ |  |
          |    /   \    | \  \    /  \    /  / |  |
          |   |     |   |  \  \  /    \  /  /  |  |_____
          |   |     |   |   \  \/  /\  \/  /   |   _____|
          |   |     |   |    \    /  \    /    |  |
          |   |     |   |     \__/    \__/     |  |
          |   \_____/   | -------------------- |  |
           \            /         2000:        |  |
            \__________/  Tuesday Night Taser  |__|
                           September 5, 2000
          ---------------------------------------------------

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tonight, on Taser:
------------------
History will be made as 3 titles are on the line.  There is a three way 
dance for the .COM with 3 uprising superstars, Bail, Angel, and Purple 
Haze, then we Marasmus up agains Mr. Magnificent for the .Net 
championship.  Of course we can't forget two legendary previous OWF 
members, Valek and Neo for the .Org championship--a no holds barred
anything goes match.  Then of course there is the main event, Crossbones
against the entire Terror Crew in a gauntlet match.  And as you have come
to expect, there is tons more things going on beneath the wrestlers' skin,
Angel is becoming more and more mysterious and he has it out for Valek, 
but it looks like he isn't ready to meet with Valek yet.  Get ready for 
the first OWF 2000 event and it will be one to remember.
--------------------------------------------------------
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!



****************************************
(((An anxious crowd sits in their seats they paid alot for (2 bucks) and
awaits which very well could be one of the most amazing wrestling 
spectacles ever.  We aren't talking about just another show, we are 
talking about the return of the OWF, as the OWF 2000.  Finally the lights
go out, the Crowd goes absolutely nuts.  Fireworks start at the wrestler
entrance area, but then proceed to blow off all the way down the ramp and
then around the ring.  They stop shortly.  Then smaller firework fountains
start going off out into the audience!  Right in the isles.  The fans are
one hundred percent ready for what is coming tonight.  Finally the 
fireworks stop, and they hear a voice over the loudspeakers- "Whadup 
Everyone!  Welcome to my party!"  It's definately Mike, the prez of the
OWF's voice.  A spotlight catches him up in the rafters, then Mike, 
with no cords at all jumps off the rafters, and the crowd either is 
screaming in delight or frightened that this wasn't supposed to happen.
Then at the last 2 seconds Mike pulls a cord on his backpack and a small 
parachute catches him from falling.  He floats saftely to the middle of 
the ring.  I SAAAAID WHADUP EVERYBODY!!!  The crowd goes absolutely ape
shit(in the words of piranha)  Well everyone, we got quite a show for you 
tonight, and I think it's pretty good considering it was only a few days
ago we were looking for a complete roster!  Well anyways, Let me
introduce you to "Johnny-no-good" and "Barry Barlett"  our two ringside
announcers for the OWF, get used to them, cause they are gonna be here
for a while now.  Well let's get ready for the show!  Hey, if you're in
this next match, come on out!  I'm gonna go watch from my room, I'll see
you guys later.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Match 1: Bail V. Angel V. Purple Haze for the .Com Championship

The lights go out.  Blue and red bombs go off and Take It by ICP begins 
to play. Bail appears in the entrance.  He walks down the aisle and climbs
into the ring. He goes to a corner and crouches--in full seriousness 
waiting for his opponents.  

The Arena goes black, all of the sudden there is an explosion where the 
wrestlers enter from. A single beam of purple light focuses on the entryway 
and Purple Hazeblares over the PA system, Purple Hayes walks out, and a 
multitude of psychadelic colors flash over the crowd, he looks around, 
then runs full bore to the ring, slides under the ropes, runs over to 
the corners (all four of them, in turn) and jumps up to the second 
turnbuckle and raises his arms out to the side with his hands open. (at 
each corner)  Purple Haze runs to another corner and does a little irish
jig, the audience laughs.

The Arena goes black or the lights go out...you choose.  Then there is a 
big flash of light, almost blinding, and then Angel is sitting in the 
a corner, staring at his other opponents.

Johnny-no-good: Well here we have an unexpected match as of a few days 
ago, two of these guys were supposed to be in another match, a 3 on 3, 
and on top of that they were supposed to be helping each other, but here
they are fighting against each other for the .Com championship.

Barry Barlett: You have that right, Johnny (for once) and I'd also like 
to not that Purple Haze is a newcomer to the OWF and not much is known 
about him, so I would not forget about him yet.  I think it is pretty 
much anyone's game here tonight.  What do you think Johnny?

Johnny: Well I would have to say that I think the heavens are favoring
Angel here tonight.  ah ha ha ah ha ha ah ha ha.

Barry: Yeah...right, very very funny Johnny, you never cease to amaze me,
but let's get to the wrestling!

The bell rings and immediately Purple Haze and Bail go at it, while Angel
sits in the corner, not looking like he is into it that much.  He just 
sit's in the corner with a grin on his face while Bail and Purple Haze 
exchange punches.  They stop all of a sudden and look at Angel, then they
decide to run over and start kicking Angel in the corner.  Angel takes 
many kicks, and then punches Bail and then punches Purple across the ring.

Barry: What the hell!

Angel then proceeds to sit down and watch the two go at it.  Purple Haze
obviously got a less strong punch and he is up first.  Purple Haze lifts
up Bail and then does a regular body slam.

Johnny: You don't know how lucky Purple Haze is Barry, if it wasn't for
Angel's punch, Bail would be in the lead.

Barry: Don't underestimate Purple Haze Johnny.

Bail is lying on the ground, and then does a leg sweep and knocks Purple
Haze to the ground.  Bail does an elbow drop and then signals for Angel
to come over and help.  

All of a sudden the lights go black.  On the THX-Screen Valek appears.

Valek: "Angel, I swear man, you think you can control when we meet, well
I am in control of my own destiny and I'm coming for you.  I know how 
much that .com title means to you, so I know that you ain't going no 
where.  Out"  Valek slams the camera out of the way.

Angel just grins and then walks away, the ref warns him, but Angel just
hits him and continues to walk out of the ring. it's just Bail and Purple
Haze now.  Purple Haze has gotten the time to get up.  He get's Bail from 
behind and does a reverse DDT. Bail is on the ground, Purple Haze goes to 
the top rope and trys to do a moonsault, but misses.  Bail get's up at the
same time Purple Haze does.  Bail attempts his Bail Deathlock, but Haze 
reverses it into a Half-nelson.  

Barry: That is hard to do.  The Bail Deathlock is one of the most perfected
submissions in wrestling today!

Johnny: It must not be THAT hard to do, because it looked like Haze just
got out of it no problem...

Haze let's go of Bail, who is looking pretty out of it.  Bail falls limp
to the floor.  Purple Haze picks of Bail and sets him up for the Purple
Driver.

Barry: This move is DEVASTATING!  It's outlawed in 7 states you know!

Haze lifts up Bail and lands it perfectly.  Bail is pretty much out of it
completely now.   Haze goes for the pin but the ref is still knocked out
from Angel.  All of a sudden MaRaSmUs runs out to the ring.

Johnny: Here we go, always cheating, makes me sick!  But I LOVE it!

MaRaSmUs comes out and does the Marasmic right on Purple Haze!  Purple 
Haze is out of it and Marasmus helps Bail get up.  Finally Bail get's up
and locks the Bail Deathlock on Purple Haze.  Purple Haze is so out of 
it he is practically dead.  Marasmus helps the ref get's up and Purple 
Haze finnally taps out.  

Barry: There it is, our first .com Champion...not the most legal way to
win it, but a way to win it none the less.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
And the Winner is:  Bail, the new .COM champion. 
********************************************************

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Match 2: Neo V. Valek for the .ORG Title
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Barry: Well our next match here is for the .ORG title.  If you don't know
.ORG means-

Johnny: -Anything goes.  Period.  Nothing will be stopped in this match. I
Don't even know why we have  ref in this match...he can't do nothing.  The 
funny thing though, is that he thinks he can do something.  Haha.

Barry: Yeah, whatever Johnny, well let's get on with the match.

The lights start to dim.  "Hey, screw it man" Valek just walks at a fast pace 
to the ring without any pyro or anything.  It looks like he is really serious
straight, and to the point. He goes to the center of the ring and awaits Neo.

The lights go out.  Neo walks out, with cuts all over him and a black eye.
He is limping out to the ring.  Once again the crossing fireworks almost hit 
him.

Barry: What is going on with Neo as of late?  He is totally out of it!

Neo walks into the ring and signals for Valek to bring it on.  Valek charges
him and spears him, but Neo had a limp type body and he head just flew back
and slammed right into the floor.  Neo slowly get's back up and signals for 
Valek to bring it on some more.  Valek just smiles and lifts Neo up over his
head.  Valek carrys neo over to the side of the ring and throws him out 
over the ring to ringside.  Neo does nothing to stop the fall.  He hits 
the ground really hard, but once again slowly gets up and signals for
Valek to bring on some more.  Valek jumps over the ropes and lands right
on Neo.  Neo is now bleading out of several places, most noticably his
forehead.  He wipes the blood out of his eyes and signals again for Valek
to bring it on.  Valek smiles and runs at him like he will spear him, 
but instead spears him, but instead of hitting him to the floor he lifts
Neo up onto his shoulder, turns around 180 deegrees, and slams Neo 
down onto the floor, extremely hard.  Neo is knocked out now.  

Barry: Oh my god, this is sick, Neo isn't even trying here.

Johnny: I love it!  hee hee!!!

Neo rolls over to the side of the ring and grabs a metal pole from 
under the ring.  He uses it to help get up and then signals for Valek
to bring it on.  Valek starts walking over and Neo hands Valek the pole. 
Valek accepts it and smashes Neo across the side of the head with it. Neo
is now gushing blood out of his head.  The ref is absolutely mortifyed and
has no choice but to ring the bell.  This was an anything goes match, so 
what Valek did was legal.

Barry: What!?! the ref rang the bell!?! What Valek did was 100% legal!

Johnny: As much as I hate to agree with you, you are right Barry, Valek
should win this match.

Announcer: The referee has rung the bell and the match is over.  The new
and first ever .ORG championship is Valek, because of a KO.

Barry: that is amazing, a KO, when is the last time you have seen that.

Johnny: When is the last time you hvae seen THAT (points to Neo gushing
blood on the floor with paramedics racing to stop the bleeding)

Barry: I have just been informed Neo will be leaving the arena and rushed
to a hospital, Neo, our prayers go out to you.  What a slaughter we have
seen tonight here, and the winner is Valek.

And the Winner is: Valek, the new .ORG championship. 
********************************************************

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Match 3: Mr. Magnificent V. Marasmus for the .Net Championship
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Johnny: Well in this next match there is alot less story behind it. 

Barry: Yes, but that doesn't make it an inferior match, remember, it is for
the .NET championship, a highly respected title in the federation.

Johnny: Once again, you do have a point Barry, I really don't care, I just
want to see what Lizzy is wearing--hot damn!

Barry: That's not what I am really here for, but you do have a point, Lizzy
is quite...hot.

Johnny: What a gay.

Barry: Well on to the match.

Johnny: figures.

Red White and Blue fireworks go off criss crossing each other and Mr. 
Magnificent makes his way to the ring.  He walks raising his hands to 
get applause from the audience.  About half the audience claps.  He goes to
the middle of the ring and get's himself pumped up for the match.

Marasmus just runs out without any music and starts the match.

Barry: Whoa, Marasmus is really pumped up for this.

Johnny: Screw Marasmus...where is Lizzy?

(Lizzy then walks out to the ring)

Johnny: Hell yes.

Barry: Oh, nice punch by Marasmus.

Johnny: gay gay gay gay gay.

Marasmus puts Mr. Magnificent in an armlock.  Mr. Magnificent kicks Marasmus
in the balls.

Barry: No no no, the ref didn't see that either.

Marasmus falls to the ground in pain.  The ref goes over to see what is going
on with Marasmus, meanwhile Lizzy comes up to the ring and punches Mr. 
Magnificent in the balls and Mr. Magnificent falls to the ground.  Marasmus
gets up and goes to the top rope and does a moonsault on Mr. Magnificent.

Marasmus picks up Mr. Magnificent.  And tries to throw him in the ropes. 
Mr. Magnificent reverses it and throws Marasmus into the ropes. Mr. 
Magnificent clotheslines Marasmus and then runs into the ropes himself to 
get that extra oomph on Marasmus, but Lizzy grabs Mr. Magnificent's foot 
and Mr. Magnificent falls right on his nose.

Barry: Ouch!  That looks like he broke his nose!

Johnny: Did you see Lizzy when she leaned over to trip Mr. Magnificent? Wow!

Barry: What a move.

Johnny: Gay gay gay gay gay.

Marasmus gets up and kicks Mr. Magnificent in his broken nose, which knocks
him out cold.  He goes for the pin.  1..........2............3

Barry: And that's the game folks, Marasmus is the first .Net champion of the
OWF 2000!

Johnny: yeah, yeah whatever (looking at Lizzy)

And the Winner is: Marasmus, the new .NET champion
********************************************************

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Match 4: Crossbones V. Terror Crew (Gauntlet Match)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(As crossbones is walking out to the ring Barry and Johnny talk:

Barry: Well this last match here is quite a match.  

Johnny: Shut up.  I really hate you.

Barry: (rolls his eyes) well anyways, the history of this match is that the
Terror Crew wanted to fight Crossbones, Bail, and Angel, but Crossbones 
wanted to just fight them alone, all at once.

Johnny: That's how it should be.

Barry: But anyways, Mike turned it into a gauntlet match.  So here we go.
Crossbones is already out there, he is probably awaiting his first opponent.

Johnny: Of course he is, what else would he be doing...idiot.

Barry: Well here comes Lunatic, Crossbones' first opponent.  Now let me remind
you guys of the rules, to eliminate a member of the Terror Crew Crossbones
can either pin, make the other person submit, or throw them over the rope.

As Lunatic walks to the ring he slowly picks up pace.  He starts going faster
and faster and then he dives into the ring.  Crossbones just kicks him in the 
head and then throws him over the ropes.

Barry: WHOA!  that was quick, only two more to go!

As Lunatic is on the floor yelling at himself Soviet Kid runs to the ring, 
this time more precautious.  He get's in the ring.  They exchange slower
moves and the crowd starts to yell "Boring, Boring, Boring"  Crossbones
flicks them all off.  (((the cameras blur out the middle finger and 
zoom in at crossobone's face, his eyes and facial expression--pure evil.)))

As Crossbones is flicking off the crowd Soviet Kid does a reverse
hurricaneranna.  Crossbones is temporarily knocked out, and Soviet Kid goes
for the pin.  (((The cameras zoom-))) 1.....(-in on Crossbones' face once 
again to show the evil))) 2.....Crossbones then throws Soviet Kid clear over
the ropes and out of the ring.  He starts laughing sadistically.

As Mad Dog makes his way to the ring a huge figure in nothing but black
jumps from the rafters and lands on his feet.  He throws Mad Dog right
into the audience and moves on to Crossbones.  Crossbones stops laughing
and starts getting extremely scared he looks like he is about to cry.

The figure lifts him up, and slams his forehead right into the metal part
of the turnbuckle.  Blood is spewing out of Crossbones' forehead.  The figure
lifts him over his shoulder and takes him out of the arena.

(((cut to Mike in his sweet)))

Mike: What the hell!!! What the fuck is that! That is not how it is supposed to
be!

THX rep: Does it matter?  What should we do?  There is still 15 minutes.

Mike: Cut the damn transmission!  I need to find Crossbones, who was that ass
who took crossbones out of the arena!!! 

(((Mike runs out of his sweet--cue to Crossbones' face, less evil)))

Crossbones opens his eyes.

Crossbones:  What the fu--  No!  No!  I'm sorry!  I tried, I've been trying!!!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!

\End OWF Televised Event

OOC Note from Mike: Well that's it, that's the first event.  Hope you enjoyed
it, this is just a sneak peak at what we have set for you card-wise, it'll only
go uphill from here.  Cya!

And the Winner is: 
*******************************************************
------------------------------------------------------------------------------


----------------------------------------------------
Some of the main roleplays from throughout the week.
----------------------------------------------------
Posted by: Angel

(A UPS worker knocks on the door of Mike's house in San Pedro, Mexico, Mike walks up to the door and answers it)

Mike: Yeah what do you want...damn man....look it's like 5 in the morning...what the hell are you doing?

UPS worker: Sir, we have a 24 hour delivery service which means if they mailed it out at 5 in the morning last morning we must have it be here at 5 in the morning, it barely made it.

Mike: Damn straight it didnt', but anyways, alright, lemme sign somewhere.  (signs the package)  Hey, who is this from?

UPS worker: Sorry, sir, but there is no reply address, in the Name feild all there was was a halo shaped symbol...

Mike: Leave now, just leave.

(((Mike has a flashback: He is at some sort of playground area... he is running very fast, screaming "Socorro!!! Socorro!!!"  He is young, and running somewhere, towards something, it is blurry, so you can't see what it is he is running at, or for.  Mike leaves the flashback)))

(((Mike is laying on a couch, opens his eyes and the UPS worker is still at the door)))

Mike: Didn't I tell you to leave?

UPS worker: I was about to, but you passed out, I wouldn't be able to live with myself if I didn't at least put you on your couch.

Mike: Ok, Thanks I guess, sorry about that...but really, I don't mean to be mean, but could I please ask you to leave.

UPS worker: No problem Joseph.

(((The UPS worker shuts the door and leaves)))

Mike: Wait!  What did you call me!  Hey!  (((he runs to the door and opens it, he sees the dead UPS worker laying on his doorstep, blood coming out his ears, he remembers the package and runs in his house.  He opens it and there is a VHS tape with a halo on it)))  Shit!  (He puts it in the VCR and sits back and watches.)))

(((The tape opens with shots of Valek in a small shack, it is just his face and it appears as if he doesn't know anyone is watching him.  You can't see what he is doing but he is very content on whatever it is.  Things go black.  The channel changes to channel 92, the channel Mike recently purchased to be dedicated to the OWF 2000 all the time.)))

(((Angel is in the ring)))

Angel:  Mike, I figure you need to be watching this now, well Mike, just stop trying to be strong, you know it is eating you inside every minute you know I am here.  Every single minute I live eats at you and eats at you.  You are not strong, you are weak, but I'll get back to you, I have a special message for Valek.

Valek, oh Valek.  It seems that you do remember me...it's laughable how you have lost your fear, because I have not lost my fear in you, but HE has never had a fear in you and that's all that matters.  You think that you have it all figured out, don't you Valek.  Well you do have one thing figured out, I have indeed dropped the fallen (pun intended, but only Valek will understand)  Valek, you are a pothole in the road, while Mike is the road, and Crossbones, oh Crossbones, you are a mere pebble disjointed from the pavement that makes up the road, something there are millions of and that no one cares a bit about.  But Valek, He wants you, he sees something in you, and that is why I am here to do justice to his request.  You don't deserve to call yourself what you do, I know what you are, where you are, what you are doing, what you are thinking, why you are thinking that, and who you are with right now, this minute, you sadistic bastard.  Why did you turn off the TV valek?  You know as well as I do that that won't keep my voice out of your mind, because it is always there, that's why ever since the OWF you have been thinking of me, and my voice has been there.  It is driving you insane, and you are questioning what is left of your sanity.  You try to deny the truth, and the truth is that I am there.  I have always been there, and you know it.  Thanks to the wonderful gift he has given me I will never be out of your mind.  Don't even bother acting like you don't know what I am talking about, because you know exactly that I am talking to you now.  You try to hide me when you are in public, you act like everything is fine, but constantly I am there, speaking, preaching to you, and there is absolutely nothing you can do to stop it, because we have this bond that will never be broken and that is why you want to meet me so badly.

You will search for me, you want to meet me face to face, well Valek, that is not your choice to make.  I decide when and where we will meet face to face.  I'm sorry, but it just isn't your decision as to when and where we will meet.  Valek, he wants you, you and Mike, no matter how opposite you may be, play huge roles in his plan, and it saddens me that you will not accept it's greatness.  For your destiny is not yours, and you will never understand that.  You will not understand many things, just like Bail.  A perfect example of what I am trying to say.  Bail thinks he is being original by not knowing what him himself is doing, but that is exaclty what I was expecting from his primate mind.  But you Valek, it dissapoints me that you won't accept your fate as a part of a plan instead of the plan itself.  You constantly are trying to be the one who decides everything, but you just don't get it, you aren't that person, you never will be, there can be only one, and he is that one.   You will try and search for me, but you can't.  The prey never searches for the hunter, it isn't the way the ecosystem works Valek, you must understand that.  You are my prey, I am the hunter, and he is the ecosystem.  I decide when I will go hunting, and once I do, it is only a matter of time before the prey and hunter cross paths, and when they do, that is the end of the prey.  Poor poor Valek.  You are part of his plan and because of that there is no escape.

And Crossbones.  You are more of a personal goal.  I do big game hunting for Valek, but you Crossbones, are my personal fun.  I go hunting once a year, but I go fishing once a weekend. I am the hook and bait while you are the fish, and on my hook, the fish who take the bait never get released, and knowing you Crossbones, you will take the bait, because with a the insolate fish brain you have you will just think you can beat the hook.  You think that you can get around the hook, take the bait, get what you want and get away. 

Valek and Crossbones, you are not special like you think you are.  Everything goes back to Aristotle's number one rule: Man by Nature desires to know.  And that just shows the truth that you are just simple men that want to know, but it is just to simple for your cluttered minds.  That's right, it is just so simple--and that's what makes it too complex for your minds.  You try to know, you convince yourself you know what is going to happen and how is it going to end, but you just can't understand and that is what makes you beings human.  You are not characterized immortal by having wierd traits, but it is all in the mind, and that is why you are just two more evolved humans, nothing more, not immortal by any means.  

And Neo.  What are you?  A mere shadow of your former self is what you are.  It makes me sick at how you have forgot the basic things which made you special. You are part of my plan, and as much as I try to convince him, he just doesn't think you can cut it to be part of his ultimate winding road.  You, Neo, have potential, and it is a discrase to see you as your current self.  You'd better change if you want to become somthing here, because Neo, you have the gift, but you aren't using it, no one here is.  Every one of you here has the gift-- the gift of a free mind, and every one of you has the blessing that is the fact that I can speak to you, manipulate you at any moment, but only Valek has seen the miricle which is my blessing.  Neo, I look foward to seeing how you handle this situation, but at it's essance, your plan, just like anyone elses is pointless when you look at his plan.  It is a real pity to have seen the could have turn to the never will be.

You all just make me sick to my stomach, if I have one...

S28 
---------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------
Posted by: Crossbones
( After some very brutal words and a pathetic verbal attack from the Terror Crew, Crossbones has neither been seen or heard from since one short day ago. Since then, the six man tag has been dropped, replaced with an even more dangerous one on three matchup. Crossbones ... v.s. the Terror Crew! Rumor has it, he is in the OWF arena today, but he has yet to be sighted. Suddenly, the video screen lights up with the image of Mad Dog, a member of the Crew, strolling down the dark hallways of the arena, and he seems to be headed straight for the ring! His theme music hits the arena sound system, marking the arrival of one of the members of the huge  match to take place at Tuesday Night Taser. As the man makes his way to the ring, the crowd shows lots of good energy and emotion towards the man, who just yesterday was booked in the match with his two partners. Obviously feeling confident, he has come to the ring alone. With a mic in hand, the man quickly climbs into the ring, bringing the mic to his mouth.)

 Mad Dog: Crossbones, you must think you're real tough, taking out all of the ring staff, men that aren't even trained to fight ... men that only want a good job ... a job to earn the money that they need to survive. Well Crossbones ... you gothic punk ... the time between now and Tuesday Night is growing ever closer together. Now I know we won't be fightin' one on one, but if you decide to stick your pretty little nose into my business, it will not be a pretty picture. Now, personally, I don't even know why you be after me, but I have never had to have a reason to beat the hell out of someone, so why don't you just bring yourself right on down to the ring, and we'll get this this thing started.
 
( At those words, the entire crowd leaps to their feet, screaming for their dream matchup that could happen right now. Suddenly, smoke begins to fill the ring, as the lights dim down to a blood red shade, causing Mad Dog to flip his head repeatedly, trying to lock in on his opponent. Suddenly, the voice of Crossbones fills the arena, and the crowd quiets.)

Crossbones: You have called out what you do not understand. You have addressed what your simple mind can no longer ponder. You have tempted the fates that watch over your life. Your Guardian angels cringe at the sight of what I have to offer, as does your earthly body. Neither your mind nor your heart can understand what I, the prophet of pain, have experienced. But eventually, I will give you a small taste, a teaspoon to my gallon, then maybe you will understand that I cannot be stopped. But for the time being, we cannot meet in the ring. Not yet. The time is only now beginning to draw near, there is so much I have yet to do. All evil must be purged from the gully of this federation, and brought forth for the eye of the maker to lay waste. But if you, Mad  Dog, are so eager to meet me in the ring, than here is but a taste of things to come!

( As his words came out of his mouth, the ring began to clear of smoke, and Mad  Dog noticed he was not alone in the ring. Two more men stood with him, both clothed in black cloaks, standing across from him, at both turnbuckles.)

Crossbones: So now, foolish one, you must choose which one you believe to be me. Guess if you can, choose if you dare!

( The Mad Dog's eyes darted between the two, watching for any kind of movement. Finally, he slowly lurched toward the one to his right, slowly reaching for the hood that hid his face.)

Crossbones: But remember, whoever unmasks the beast ...

( Quickly he tugged it back, revealing ... )

Crossbones: Is destined to become him!!!

( ... himself! The man behind the hood wore the same face as Mad Dog, save for the fact this one seemed to be drained of life, bleeding from his nose and eyes. Horrified, the person of Mad Dog began to back up, as the other cloaked figure unmasked, revealing the face of Crossbones! Walking toward Mad Dog, he pulled a pane of plate glass pallet from his robe, raising it in the air. As Mad Dog turned to run, Crossbones smashed the glass down over his face, shattering it to pieces. Mad Ddog fell, blood splattered all over the ring. Suddenly, the figure on the other corner came to life, an evil smile crossing his face. He climbed from the ring, rolling under. Seconds later, a burst of smoke erupted from under the ring mats, signifying his exit.)

Crossbones: You are a weak human, Mad Dog, but then again how can I say that with the impression the rest of the people are setting, day after degrading further and further ... sinking into a proverbial hell of their own creation. The technology you have built ... the fancy computers and automobiles, they will only form a weight to push you further into the abyss, as your arms flail, trying to dig an exit from that which cannot be escaped. But, Scott Hall, I must credit you on your bravery ... or stupidity, whichever way you look at it! You see, you did what  no other has ever attempted, and that is truely believing that you have a chance! But what you did here tonight, I must say qualifies for absolute stupidity! Coming out into the open after such a daring feat, threatening my very person. I know that you can't hear me right now, but I wish you could. I wish it with my very soul. Anyway, as I said, this is only a hair of the pain I have gone through. But Dog, you never know, I may unleash the whole whallop on you when we step into the ring, whenever our time comes, or I might save a meager amount for the vultures, but either way  the entire federation will receive the aftershocks. So therefore ...

( Suddenly, the lights in the arena faded to nothing, blanketing the crowd in total darkness. Suddenly, a flash of fire brought back dim orange lights, as another mystery man walked forward from the locker room. His face was covered in a black hood, but Crossbones still seemed to recognize him, as a smile cracked over his face. The figure did not hold a mic, but his voice could be heard throughout the arena, as he spoke. Eevery word that passed his dry, cracked lips seemed to send a chill down the spine of every single audience member. Even before he began to speak, the fans seemed to go stiff as boards, as if not to agitate the speaker. It was truely a sight to behold, as this situation had everyone captivated.)

Mystery man: Crossbones, a few nights ago, you made a challenge to the man who addressed you upon your forthcoming here in the OWF. You dared that man to return, and take what he threatened to take, the thing that would shatter your very foundation. But Crossbones, that man, who also happens to be my father, shone mercy on you. He was not willing to do what he was appointed to do. He did not have what it takes, and he still doesn't. But Crossbones, I do. I, the one known only as Stryfe, the un-named one! Crossbones, I am here to do what my father would ... could not do! I am here to strip you of your very essense, that which makes you what you are today. You see, the only way to keep you from sharing our secrets ... is by stripping you of the knowledge of all that has ever happened to you. By stripping you ... of your memory!

( Suddenly, Crossbones' smooth smile turned to a look of distress, as he headed toward the ropes. But, at a wave of Stryfe's hand, pyro exploded around it, igniting the ring apron, surrounding the ring in flames. As Crossbones frantically looked for an escape, nearly tripping over the fallen Mad  Dog, he suddenly let out a scream that seemed to emit from his very soul. He then collapsed to his knees, still screeching, before falling silent next to Mad Dog, a seemingly broken man. Stryfe, still standing on the ramp, turned, walking from the arena. As he stepped from view, the flames surrounding the ring died out, leaving to broken men in the ring. After about a minute of nothing, EMTs rushed to the ring, accompanied by two stretchers. Two of the EMTs rushed to both men, using smelling salts to recover each of them. Mad Dog, still dazed, was loaded up on a stretcher, and taken towards the back. Crossbones, although dazed, refused medical help, instead reaching for his microphone.)

Crossbones: W-who am I? W-W-where....

( Suddenly, an EMT grabbed his arm, guiding him towards a stretcher. Crossbones lashed out, sending a fist to the man's jugular, knocking him to the mat. He let out another scream, kicking the stretcher over, and running towards the ramp. He left the crowd in a stunned silence, as the night of wrestling went on. Though his memory has been stolen ... the question remains ... will he be more dangerous than before ... or a mere shadow of his former self!)

---------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------
Posted By: Valek
*Having it only been two short days after the Grand Opening of President Michael Wycklendt&#8217;s greatest vision ever, that being the OWF2000, it had already become an appealing sight to talent from across the world. Several of the wrestlers were already experienced in the field of entertainment and wrestling, while others could not even figure out how to put the two together. First there was the man known only as Bail. A man of many ambitions and dreams yet that is what they shall remain, Dreams. For his foolish pride and self-confidence will be his downfall. His eyes shall remain hidden from the light, while his soul shall land an all out assault on lust and greed, plummeting him to the bottom of the charts, labeling him as an outcast among his peers. Then there was the beast known as Crossbones. An experienced wrestler to say the least, but not exactly in tune with his soul and body. Unbeknownst to him, he had been scouted for several years, having been followed through the early days of his career. Drawn to the federation due to past experiences, he now hails second best next to the Prince of Darkness. Then the hand of fate dealt a wildcard. A man of power. He is Angel and a formidable adversary to all who stand in his way. But what he lacks shall be forever his weakness. A clean conscience. As told by Michael, his sins shall come back to haunt him and I, The Prince of Darkness shall be his reaper. And last but not least, we have the men known only as Terror Crew. Three lost causes searching for the beacon of light that is right in front of them, yet it remains hidden. For around their heads is the cloud of arrogance, distorting their mindsets, causing them to believe their own unspoken lies. There is nary a future for them, for what is predicted is a downfall.*

*The scene opens up with the sound of footsteps echoing down a cold damp hallway, well lighten with the flames of long torches dug into the walls. At the end of the long corridor could be seen a dimmed orange light. As the cameraman proceeded down the long hallway, moans could be heard emitting from the room. Human moans. After the cameraman had slowly etched his way into the large hellhole, he had to muffle a scream. Bodies strung about the room. Large spiked pillars, with corpses suspended from several of the giant hooks. Blood painted walls, glaring with the light of the bright flames. A large pool in the center of the room, substituted with blood and skin. Meathooks hung from the ceiling, stained with blood. An altar covered with bodies and at the top a large, jagged dagger. The room was teeming with death, and those who were alive, fear. The vilest scene of it all though, was the man sitting in the large throne behind the pool. He sat with a smirk on his face and a woman in his arms. He slowly stroked her hair, before severing her head from her body. Blood poured onto his lap, yet he paid no attention to the incident, letting her lifeless appearance droop to the ground. He gazed into the eyes of the cameraman, as if reaching into his very soul, searching for his greatest fear. Finally, he began to address the abominations of the OWF. His newest foes.*

Valek: Ahh, its good to be home, back where you were born and made known. Is it not, Crossbones? As I listened to Mike speak of new hopes and dreams, I realized that with every dream, there is a nightmare. And who better than to fill that void but me? I have returned, for a third and final time, here to reclaim my spot in the sun, and prove to you all that I am the true Prince of Darkness. It has been two long years since my proclaimed death at the hands of my brother Raij, yet it is him that you do not see here before you. The old days are gone now, as are the stories, feuds, and friendships. Does the name Anarchy Enterprises ring a bell to anyone? A group of monotonous, young blood that hardly fits the name. The reason I bring them up is because of a certain man that headed them off. He goes by the name Fallen Angel. Now, Angel, in whom we all fear so much, tell me. Have you ever heard of this man? Or his ally HaVoC? There is something about you that brings back memories of old, foolish times, yet then again, I could be wrong. I believe it was close to two years ago when I was literally scared to death of facing this man that now is looked upon as inferior to a man of my caliber. I have risen from the flames in which I was once incarnated yet again, to wreak terror upon all that stand in my way. I am new, fresh, and full of what once brought me to my knees in fear. Death. What lies in my future is inevitable, but what lies in all of yours has already been decided. The last thing you all shall see before your time comes is my face. And the graven image bore upon my forehead, which you will always wear with you. My eternal Crimson Cross. In my wake will lie hatred, fear, and death. That of which my soul is composed of. But as for now I shall watch and learn all that there is to know about each and everyone of you. Everytime you step into the light, know that I will be there. Everytime you turn around, know that I will be watching. Everytime you close your eyes. Know that I will be there. 

*Valek than rises from his throne and makes his way around the cameraman, through the solid oak doors, and down the well-illuminated hallway. He reaches the end, which is met with a giant stone tomb. He pushes past it with ease, and makes his way into the cool night air. He slowly lifts his arms above his head, as if being awakened for the first time after a deep sleep. Tombs, crypts, and gravestones can be seen for as far as the eye can see, along with miles of winding dirt paths intertwined between giant stone pillars. Valek gazes across the fields of dead grass and sighs a breath of relief. He than heads toward the main road out of the cemetery, and proceeds to the large steel gates at the entranceway. Just as he steps onto the road, the cameraman calls out to him.*

Cameraman: Mr. Valek! Where are you going? I can not follow you everywhere! It&#8217;s almost time for me to get back to the OWF! Stop! Hey! Listen!

Valek: Abdicate to your petty OWF, and when you arrive tell Michael that I have business to attend to, and that I shall make my appearance shortly. 

Cameraman: Ok, I will.

Valek: Oh, and one more thing.

*The camera becomes fixated on Valeks face, as the cameraman asks Valek what he has to say.*

Valek: Tell them that there will be a change. For I am Valek. I am darkness incarnate. I shall not be denied.

*With that, he continues down the road, and disappears into a cloud of fog.*
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Posted By: Piranha
*The scene takes place at a press conference held at the MGM Grand Hotel in Las Vegas,Nevada. The room is packed with members of the media. Television cameras, reporters and photographers make up those in attendance except for the two men sitting behind the table. Above them is the OWF 2000 logo. Sitting at the table are the two in charge of the OWF. The first is the owner, founder and president of the OWF, Mike. Sitting to his right, is the Vice President, Hank. Hank gets out of his chair and addresses the crowd. *

Hank: I would like to thank you all for coming today. Mike here has a HUGE announcement he would like to share with you. Mike would you make your way up please?

*Mike gets out of his chair and nothing but the sound of cameras clicking can be heard. *

Mike: Well I am going to keep this short and sweet. I would like to announce that the OWF has signed a new wrestler that will keep us at the top of the wrestling ratings war for good. I can not reveal his identity at the moment, but he will make an appearance tonight at the house show here at the MGM Grand Garden Arena. That is all I can tell you now.

* Fast-forward to three hours later. A report has leaked out about the OWF's big signing and who it can be. Apparantly The Rock, Duane Johnson himself has been spotted on the Las Vegas Strip. Can he possibly be the big signing? *

FOUR HOURS LATER

* The sold out crowd at the MGM Grand Arena has been sitting on the edges of their seats all night. Not because of what they are seeing in the ring. The wrestling exhibition going on has been a joke. No. They are waiting to see who this mystery wrestler is that will be unveiled tonight.After each match, they are hoping, preying that this will be the moment he will be known. Finally the lights in the arena go out. The fans are surrounded by pitch darkness. The OWF's new trademark, fireworks, explode around the ring, then up the ramp leading to the back. They finally wrap up at the top of the ramp. The lights are beginning to come back on and a dark figure is standing at the top of the ramp. The arena goes silent. This is it. The moment of truth. Who will it be. Then Thunderstruck by AC DC hits the public address system and the fans go wild. HE IS BACK!!!!! The Piranha then makes his way down to the ring, wearing a pair of jeans, white adidas shoes, and a UNLV Running Rebels t-shirt, and shakes hands with the fans along the front railing. The fans are so loud that The Piranha has to put his hands over his ears because of the ringing. He makes his way into the ring, climbs up the ropes, strikes a pose for the fans, grabs a microphone, waits for the crowd to settle down and begins to speak. *

Piranha: Well The Piranha has made his way back home here in the OWF. Did you really think that there would be a OWF without me?

Crowd: NO

Piranha: I have practically done everything here in the OWF. I was the first Intercontinental champion. A Television Champion. A Tag Team Champion. And of course, the first OWF World Champion and I was a two-time holder of that nice piece of gold. When I heard that the OWF was re-opening, I would not have missed this for the world. It all started when I was at home, just chillin in my swimming pool when my phone rang. On the other end was Mike. He told me the OWF was re-opening and that he wanted me on the roster. He went into a speal about how the new OWF would be so much better than the old, that he had a great staff working with him, but no talent on the roster. Thats where I came in. Why settle for just any wrestler when you can have the best? He just went on and on and told me that the dollar value didnt matter. He would pay me whatever I wanted. Finally I interrupted him and said, "Mike, save yourself some breath. I am coming." He then couldnt stop thanking me. You are probably wondering why it took me so long to make an appearance. Well, I had to wait for the perfect time to make my appearance. And what a better place to do it in than in my favorite city in the world, LAS VEGAS!

*crowd goes ape shit*

Piranha: Well, not only that but there is somebody on the OWF roster who apparantly has some beef with me. He goes by the name of Crossbones.

*crowd boos*

Piranha: I don't impress you? I can't believe that. After all I have beaten your ass before on more than one occasion. Back in the old OWF and the EEW I handed you your ass Shawn Michaels. Yeah that's right. Crossbones is good ol' HBK. So what is going on here? During one of your beatings I had to of hit you too hard on the head or something and forgot all that's happened. That is why you changed your name and are acting the way you are. Either that or you spend your nights sitting in your basement smoking dubies. Those are the only two logical explanations. Crossbones, dude, you can't keep dwelling on the past. There is no shame in being second best. Anyway, you want it, come and get it. I am not going anywhere. You want a match? Any time, any place. You seem to have a match seheduled on Tuesday, so it will have to wait. Until then, I challenge anyone in the back to a match this Tuesday. If you think you have what it takes to compete with the big boys, then lets find out.

* With that, The Piranha makes his way back up the ramp, leaves the arena, and heads to the casino. * 
------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------
Posted By: Terror Crew
("Elite" By Deftones blasts over the pa system has Terror Crew makes there way to the ring with the crowd booing.. All The members of Terror Crew Slide into the ring, grab three mics, and Mad Dog begins to speak.")

MAD DOG: "I sure hope the OWF isn't like the UJW right now.. The UJW has no role players.. Meaning the Fed is basically dead.. Now ihope that isn't true about this one because Terror Crew would sure hate to leave this fed so soon... right guys.. (Mad dog puts a smerk on his face)

Soviet Kid: "Oh yeah.. Right on Mad Dog.. I couldn't of said it any other way.. (crowd boos).. Oh please not this booing crap again...(crowd chants Terror Crew Sucks) We don't suck, we are totally Awesome.."(crowd boos)

Lunatic:" You damn right were awesome.. We came to the OWF to start trouble to start whatever we want when we want.. And if you don't like the way TERROR Crew RUNS this FED.. Thats right RUNS this fed.. THEN LEAVE!!!!"

MAD DOG: "Now let me get down to the basics. CrossBones, Bail, and Angel..YOU ALL FUCKING SUCK!!!!!(crowd boos) You guys think your all good, well heres a word of advice.. NO WAY!!!(crowd boos) So we want a match.. why not make it TERROR CREW, V.S. CrossBones,Bail, and Angel.."

Soviet Kid:"Yeah, why not? I'll be looking forward to kicking CrossBones, Bail's and Angel's ass in the ring when the time comes.."

Lunatic: "Soviet Kid your right about that one.. Those three little Pussies, are going to get there houses blown down by the three big wolves... So be prepared for a beating. TERROR CREW STYLE!!! (Terror crew drop there mics and leave the ring.)

Terror Crew 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------