NOTE:  The events of this meeting are real, only the names have been
changed to protect the innocent.  -q


Here we see Dilbert walking along to the conference room for a meeting
with the Pointy Haired Boss - but what is this?  The president of the
company and Catbert are walking into the the conference room as well.
Knowing that the company is not doing very well, Dilbert gets ready
for the worst, thankful for the cup of coffee in one hand and a can of
seltzer water in the other.  (I didn't even know we had a Catbert!)

President:	Hey Dilbert, we are having this meeting to discuss
		some matters which have come up.

In spite of the tension building in the room Dilbert calmly pops the
top of the selzter water one-handed.  Might as well go out in style.

President:	The company has not been doing very well lately and we
		are going to have to lay off some people in order to
		make up for some of the losses we have been
		experiencing.  You're going to be one of those people.

Pointy Haired Boss:	This is a situation that could turn itself
			around, in a couple of months the company
			could be very different and if you still
			available at that time we would be calling you.

Dilbert:	Well that's great.

Yeah that's just great, so much for moving into a new apartment.  I
guess the new engine for my car will have to wait too.  Why can't they
lay off one of the sales people, if they can't sell this stuff then we
should get someone who can.

President:	We will of course be giving you a severance package...

Well at that point Dilbert wasn't really paying any attention to
anything else that was said.  All he could think about was how long
could he survive on the severance package and how long it would take
to get another job.  What really sucks is one of his roommates got
laid off on Tuesday by the same company.


So anyway folks, when you see the jokes in Dilbert about downsizing,
or lack of loyalty and job security just remember that for some of
us only half of the joke is a joke, the other half is a reality.